we're in piermont is Lee in the village
of serralunga we've come to meet davvero
so he's going to explain the different
diseases and viruses that hit his
vineyards during the year and how he
treats for them let's go meet a ver good
morning i am a dancer also from sonia la
salle eluga and dizzy mystery is the LA
siroque oh he's a winner of the best
that we that I own the two bathrooms at
the own is my set of clothes and saliva
and then this morning wispy we talk for
the melodies that we are usually in in
Dovan aired the first melodies that we
are that is more important is the parent
of stolen from raspa is the Latin name
for this validus in in general these
maladies is in there is a on the top and
other parts of the lift and in the casa
that is not very bad in the really
difficult case is also in the in the
grape is these maladies either in the
past the armor to the fender for this
man this is the copper and we use now
also the copper one solution with water
and end kappa and the name of this
solution is a patina bordeaux laser
because start to use this in Bordeaux I
don't know but I think more than hundred
fifty a hundred years ago and this
solution is
Jesus cry with the chapter or etc on the
top of the left in on vegetation this
this system is also possible used for
the organic system because these are
Jesus protein about the laser is just on
the top of the of the lift and the other
part but is not in circulation of the
other plane they are the other system
that is the name is systemic product
this systemic is a enter inside the
other client and the DZ is not very good
it's not organic and I prefer use just
the product that is on the top that the
product that don't go inside the diviner
etc this is better because it's not acts
on this the petunia but the laser the
system that work is this other one
paliku one part on the lift and the
perilous pas arriver and with this go
another another go go and this is
wonderful system for protection Ares is
a perfect the other maladies that the
other is the odium and the Latin name do
we do in general is in this part of the
lift in the down part of the lift the
radium the system to to the first video
is the souffle i buy directly the sofa
in a one sicily in the city island the
other the natural super wonderful and
ice try this also with the with the
tractor and
the sofa is possible to system to stray
one in one solution with the water and
it that we use usually in the beginning
and the beginning is in now because now
we are in MA and usually we use this in
journey in august i used the polar okay
father and this is the system that work
the sofa is this is arrived in
individual tation after with the Sun in
DIA one of oppression and the the sofa
with the band the DFC sofa Gaza and
arrived in the video home because the
rhythm making general while one arm with
the hairy and with the gas we enter
inside this arm and the video is a kill
yes a very important is this the use of
natural sofa i buy from Sicily because
in Italy is the best part where the
other the de neutral calculating the
container mineral show me mines nice ok
do not realize where is possible by this
etc this is the two best problem that we
have in a nebula member alehrer you
think that for example in South America
is very different is different also in
France in central Italy etc the number
of of these attachment is
a very later and I prefer use the
organic system and not the chemical
system because the chemical system like
a systemic product that we have used we
have a taller and also they also the
super the King chemical so far I don't
like I prefer use just the natural is
better also the lift is more is more
green is man